note for DDP inference (#1194)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/general/predictions.rst

    predictions = trainer.predict(model, datamodule=datamodule)
    print(predictions)
    # out: [[[0.5926494598388672, 0.40735048055648804]]]

.. note::

>     Actually, we do not support returning predictions directly when you run multi-GPU configuration (DDP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PyTorch Lightning does not return predictions directly from `predict` when using a multi-GPU configuration (DDP). Instead you should use a :class:`pytorch_lightning.callbacks.BasePredictionWriter`.
```
